README.md, before:

# Stock Tracker App

## Functionality

This application allows a user to compose a portfolio of stock holdings.

It supports the following capabilities:   
- Add a holding by providing the ticker symbol plus the number of units.  
- Remove a holding for a given ticker.  
  - The format of supported stock tickers is a series of uppercase letters, plus an optional hyphen and/or dot and/or number, 
  examples being: AAPL, BF-B, VOD.LON, VOW3.DE   
- Query the total value of the portfolio:  
  - Stock prices based on the daily closing price from the prior (most recent) trading day.   
- Note: only one holding per ticker is supported. If a holding with an existing ticker is added, then the new number of units replaces the amount for that ticker.

Other notes:

- The portfolio is saved each time it is changed.   
- This is a single-user application; there is no end user authentication.   
- The application integrates with the following API: https://www.alphavantage.co/ (see below for setting up API access)   


## Usage

### Setup

Requires Python3.

Please ensure the project dependencies are installed first, e.g. using:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

The project also requires api access to <https://www.alphavantage.co/>. To set this up:
-   Sign-up for a free api key here: <https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key>   
    - Look for the key to be displayed on screen as soon as you submit your details.
-   Then add the api key as an environment variable named `ALPHAVANTAGE_APIKEY`

NOTE: Please be aware that the standard AlphaVantage API access is limited to 5 calls per minute; so don't worry
if you see some intermittent failures when issuing a series of requests in quick succession.

### Run

To run the command line interface:

    $ python main.py

NOTES:
-   You may need to substitute `python` in this command with the relevant alternative executable, e.g. `python3`, depending on your local setup.
-   This project was run and tested on Mac and Windows, so should work fine on either, barring any problems related to differences in local configuration.

Commit message:

Add api interface
* Rename main to cli

* Add API interface

Co-authored-by: David Rondell <david.rondell@onfido.com>

README.md, after:

# Stock Tracker App

## Functionality

This application allows a user to compose a portfolio of stock holdings.

It supports the following capabilities:   
- Add a holding by providing the ticker symbol plus the number of units.  
- Remove a holding for a given ticker.  
- View the current portfolio.
- Query the total value of the portfolio.

Notes:
1. The format of supported stock tickers is a series of uppercase letters, plus an optional hyphen and/or dot and/or number, examples being: AAPL, BF-B, VOD.LON, VOW3.DE   
2. Only one holding per ticker is supported. If a holding with an existing ticker is added, then the new number of units replaces the amount for that ticker.   
3. Stock prices based on the daily closing price from the prior (most recent) trading day.   
4. The portfolio is saved each time it is changed.   
5. This is a single-user application; there is no end user authentication.   
6. The application integrates with the following API: https://www.alphavantage.co/ (see below for setting up API access)   
7. Please be aware that the standard AlphaVantage API access is limited to 5 calls per minute; so expect to see some intermittent failures when issuing a series of requests in quick succession.

## Usage

### Setup

Requires Python3.

Please ensure the project dependencies are installed first, e.g. using:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

The project also requires api access to <https://www.alphavantage.co/>. To set this up:
-   Sign-up for a free api key here: <https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key>   
    - Look for the key to be displayed on screen as soon as you submit your details.
-   Then add the api key as an environment variable named `ALPHAVANTAGE_APIKEY`

### Run

To run the command line interface:

    $ python cli.py

To run the API server:

    $ python api.py

### API Operations

The API endpoint is exposed on `http://localhost:5000`

The following operations are supported:

    POST /holding
    - requires key/values for keys: 'ticker' and 'units'

    DELETE /holding
    - requires key: 'ticker'

    GET /portfolio

    GET /valuation
